docs: Add community page (#315)
apache/iceberg-python: mkdocs/docs/community.md

  - regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  - to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  - "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  - with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  -
  -   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  -
  - Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  - software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  - "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  - KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  - specific language governing permissions and limitations
  - under the License.
  -->

# Join the community

Apache Iceberg tracks issues in GitHub and prefers to receive contributions as pull requests.

Community discussions happen primarily on the [dev mailing list](https://lists.apache.org/list.html?dev@iceberg.apache.org), on [Apache Iceberg Slack workspace](https://join.slack.com/t/apache-iceberg/shared_invite/zt-287g3akar-K9Oe_En5j1UL7Y_Ikpai3A) in the #python channel, and on specific [GitHub issues](https://github.com/apache/iceberg-python/issues).

## Iceberg Community Events

> The PyIceberg community sync is on each last Tuesday each month. To join, make sure to subscribe to the [iceberg-python-sync Google group](https://groups.google.com/g/iceberg-python-sync).

Reviewer: super nit (feel free to take it or leave it): I'm wondering if this would read better

```suggestion
The PyIceberg community sync is on the last Tuesday of every month. To join, make sure to subscribe to the [iceberg-python-sync Google group](https://groups.google.com/g/iceberg-python-sync).
```

Author: Thanks, good suggestion :)
